You can not do anything to me
look
people the people the fighters of
that this is processed crazy and
deranged has also been scary because
they are reactions that come momentum momentum
as you want but good
Look at me
like walking to see dams again
but on the floor on the roof
and what is new
but your main skill let's say a
ability to see the most let's say
what is inside of your mind you
spirit have that ability
then it feels like you feel like
years ago, I realize that I do not know
loses sometimes feels that someone is
behind you
do not bother me guys that here has not
past
yes yes
triple quadruple personality with
guarantees for your life is actually a
girl who intimidated you so much called
the firefighters to the fbi are all wrong
the calculations grabbed and told me panther
panther and origin no I can not I have
wife we care
I can not go because it was Rosangela
was the demon who was cutting you
inciting to sin sin
deadly were the two is recontra
possessed in 34 days remember what I saw
books had seven devils that were
seven cats the h that is crazy and has
personado tasting part of what I do
it detonates so grab your cross just
brother to bless us all not water
sold please because if we do not go to
die when that girl arrived and the compass
and we hope began to feel
I already come with this ring for her
to protect you 8888
although we protect this little girl
half crazy and to the lips or can you
repeat what you said in combat from
then he is the one who follows the path more
forward that can overcome all that and
kike more and that more sounds from there the
enough for only a madness that the
great madness that you already feel the truth
of centimeter loaded because there was
get enough of demon spirits
malignant if they were but they should
pass again extract the missing egg
for the egg and so that the new
should be enough the new flame that
you pass the egg pretty nice she goes to
be cured